[
	HOW TO USE THIS DEMO
	1. Read it and refer to it for working examples of how to achieve
	2. Carefully copy sections into your proejct and modify it

	This example demonstrates:
		- Creating and connecting rooms
		- Creating doors (between rooms)
		- Making it so certain things can unlock locked things such as doors and containers
		- Overwriting default behavior in order to create dialogue with characters, and transfer items between characters
		- Create numerical variables
		- Making a win condition depend upon player location
		- Making a lose condition based on the value of a variable
		- Having conditional descriptions based on a variable
		- Creating test sequences of input to help speed up testing your game
	
	REMEMBER TO PRESS THE "GO!" BUTTON FREQUENTLY!!! 
	YOUR ERRORS/TYPOS WILL PILE UP QUICKLY SO PRETTY MUCH TRY PRESSING THAT BUTTON AND FIXING ERRORS EVERY TIME YOU TRY WRITING SOMETHING!
]

"Game 601 11-2-21" by Mike Treanor

Release along with the "Quixe" interpreter.


The player is in the Classroom.

The timeToEscape is a number variable. The timeToEscape is 20.

Every turn:
	say "There [if timeToEscape is 1]is[else]are[end if] [timeToEscape] minutes to escape!";

Every turn when the player is carrying the golden key:	now the timeToEscape is timeToEscape - 1;
			
Every turn when timeToEscape is less than 0:
	say "You didn't make it to the portal. The curse of the golden key consumes you!";
	end the story;
	
Every turn when the player is in the Amusement Park:
	say "You made it through portal to the Amusement Park, and look! Your friend the Happy Clown has come to join you laptop in hand! THE END.";
	end the story;

[ROOMS AND LAYOUT]

The Living Room is a room. 

The Classroom is a room.

The living room is north of the Classroom.

The Amusement Park is a room.

The Portal is a locked door. The Portal is west of the Classroom and east of the Amusement Park.

[CLASSROOM]

The description of the Classroom is "There are two rows of chairs in the classroom. To the north through the a short hallway is a living room. [if timeToEscape is less than 8]TIME IS RUNNING OUT![end if]"

The table is a fixed in place thing in the Classroom. The table is a supporter. 

The laptop is a thing. "There is a laptop with solitaire on the screen resting on the table. It looks valuable. Surely a gift someone would be happy to receive!". The laptop is on the table.

The treasure chest is a locked container in the Classroom.

The Electro Gadget is a thing. It is inside the treasure chest. It unlocks the portal.

[LIVING ROOM]

The living room is dark.

Every turn when the living room is dark and the player is in the living room:
		say "You see a faint glow coming form a light switch.".

The description of the Living Room is "There is a comfy sofa set in front of the television. To the south is a classroom."

The golden key is a thing. The golden key unlocks the treasure chest. The Happy Clown is holding the golden key.

Before opening the Portal when the portal is locked:
	say "The portal is locked you fool!";
	
[LIVING ROOM - LIGHT SWITCH]
The light switch is a switched off device in the living room. It is fixed in place.

Carry out switching off the light switch: 
	now the living room is dark.

Carry out switching on the light switch: 
	now the living room is lighted.
	
After deciding the scope of the player when the location is the living room:
    place the light switch in scope.
	
Understand "flip [something switched off]" as switching on. Understand "flip [something switched on]" as switching off. Understand "flip [something]" as switching on.

[LIVING ROOM - HAPPY CLOWN]
The Happy Clown is a person in the living room. "There is a Happy Clown standing in the corner of the room staring at you. A golden key is dangling from its brightly colored belt.".

Instead of asking the Happy Clown for the golden key when the happy clown is not carrying the laptop:
		say "The Happy Clown stares at you without blinking. Perhaps a technological gift would encourage them to give you the key...";

Instead of giving the laptop to the Happy Clown:
		say "The Happy Clown reaches out to you screaming while making no noise! You hand the clown the laptop and it tosses the key to you.";
		say "You also suddenly remember the portal in the classroom. Quick! Use the key to unlock the portal and escape!";
		now the timeToEscape is 8;
		now the happy clown is carrying the laptop;
		now the player is carrying the golden key.



[TESTS]
Test win with "take laptop / go north / flip switch / give laptop to happy clown / go south / unlock treasure chest with the golden key / open treasure chest / take Electro Gadget / unlock Portal with Electro Gadget / enter portal /".













